Add a template pre-commit hook script and speed up sphinx build (#755)
Deep-MI/FastSurfer: doc/developer/GIT-HOOKS.md

git hook setup / CD
===================

The FastSurfer team has developed a pre-commit hook script to help implement 
[Continuous Development and Testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_testing).
This CI/CD expands on github workflows executing them locally. They require a local 
[uv installation](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) as described for FastSurfer's
[Native installation](../overview/INSTALL.md#native-ubuntu-2004-or-ubuntu-2204).

Pre-commit Hook
---------------

The pre-commit hook script will:
1. Check for trailing white spaces in files

> 2. Run ruff to verify python code formatting valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run ruff to verify python code formatting is valid
```

3. Run codespell to check the spelling
4. Run sphinx-build to rebuild the documentation into `FastSurfer/doc-build`

>    Here, one important caveat for documentation editors is the that sphinx-build may fail if the documentation file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Here, one important caveat for documentation editors is that sphinx-build may fail if the documentation file 
```

>    structure is changed, but the autosummary/autodoc-generated files are not cleaned. To do this, delete the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   structure is changed, without first cleaning the autosummary/autodoc-generated files. To do this, delete the following 
```
